Some of you know me as Sebas’ friend and others as Sonia’s. But the reason I am speaking here today is because I have had the luck of being close friend with both of these two wonderful people for the last four years, and they have now become indispensable in my life.

For this reason, I would like to talk about Sebas and Sonia and the story of their relationship that I have had the chance to get to know.

But first, I will start with you Sonia.
You were one of my very first friends in Zürich. I remember your first words. You told me that you ended up living in Zürich because your Austrian boyfriend convinced you to live there, but actually you wanted to live in Berlin. I have to say that was not a surprise at that moment because of the oversized sweater you were wearing. It was clearly from a second-hand market from Berlin and I swear you could fit four Sonias in there!

As time went by, I discovered the Sonia we all know: full of energy, with an incredible sense of humor, spontaneous, never afraid to show how she really is, and above all deeply committed with what she does and  the people she loves. Like for example the choice to stay in Zürich for so many years instead of Berlin.

And then shortly I met Sebas. 
It is true that in your case, our relationship grew gradually over time, but now you have become one of the closest friends I have in Zürich. Once you get to know him, you discover things like: as a teenager he was a rock star, and that at parties, he can dance literally anything it is being played in the club, from hard-reggaeton to contemporary dance.

What really defines you is being down-to-earth. You know how to stay calm,even in difficult situations, you make wise decisions, and you give importance to what really matters in life. And yes, you are also a genius with languages: your spanish is great, però es teu català enamora! And I think this is also a huge sign of commitment.

A lot of time has passed since you started dating. You are not just those two students who met in Berlin anymore. You have grown together, into the Sonia and Sebas we have in front of us today.

And I know that this journey has not been always easy. There are always obstacles to overcome. But if there is something that surprises and impresses me about you, it is that you are always willing to dedicate as much time as needed to find the balance again. You know what it is said: the key is not to never have conflicts, but to have them and be able to resolve them. And I think in that, you deserve a gold medal.

And of course, you are the pioneers and creators of the ‘Dates on Tuesdays’. That means you can not make plans with them on that day, because it is reserved just for the two of them. And, in your own words: “When you see your partner only in pajamas every day for a whole week, you need to find other ways to keep the passion alive.”
I really admire your ability to love each other. I will always remember, for example, the day I witnessed at your home when Sonia came back at night after a rough day. Without saying a word, she went straight to Sebas, and with just a hug, he was able to calm her and make her feel that everything would be alright. Not many words were needed between them, just the understanding that one is there for the other.

I don’t know what the future is going to be for you, because one day Sonia decides to go to do some hikings in the Himalayas, another Sebas gets sent to the U.S. to sell robots, or you both decide it is a good idea to live in a rural commune house just to try it out for the experience.

Anyways, what I do know and I am sure of,  is that if you go together, everything will be fine. I wish you the very best, today and always.

I love you very much,
Miquel



